{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1251\deff0\deflang1049{\fonttbl{\f0\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Tahoma;}{\f1\fnil\fprq2\fcharset2 Wingdings;}{\f2\fnil\fprq2\fcharset0 Tahoma;}}
{\stylesheet{ Normal;}{\s1 heading 1;}}
{\*\generator Msftedit 5.41.21.2506;}\viewkind4\uc1\pard\keepn\nowidctlpar\s1\lang1049\b\f0\fs24 XtraCharts Suite Main Features\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\b0  \par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\sa120\tx720\f1\fs22\'fc\f2\tab\b\f0 Multiple Target Platforms\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li1080\sa120\tx1080\b0\fs20 o\tab\b Windows Application\b0  - The XtraCharts Suite includes a ChartControl component that provides charting capabilities for Windows Forms applications. Using this single control, you can build numerous chart types from 2D bar charts, to financial chart views and 3D charting.\par
o\tab\b ASP.NET\b0  - The WebChartControl allows you to add charts to your ASP.NET web pages. It delivers the same exact features as its Windows Forms counterpart.\par
o\tab\b Printed Page or Banded Report\b0  - You can combine the XtraCharts Suite with either XtraPrinting Library of XtraReports Suite to produce an attractive printing output.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\sa120\tx720\f1\fs22\'fc\tab\b\f0 2D Chart Types\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li1080\sa120\tx1080\b0\fs20 o\tab\b Bar Views\b0  - The XtraCharts Suite offers you a choice of three kinds of Bar Views: Side-by-Side Bar View, Stacked Bar View, 100% Stacked Bar View. The following features are available for all types of Bar Views: rotated view - horizontal bars; automatically or manually specified bar width; automatic coloring of each individual bar in a series; customizable border styles, bar fill style and shadow.\par
o\tab\b Range Bar Views\b0  - The XtraCharts Suite offers you a choice of two slightly different Range Bar Views: Range Bar View (displays overlapped bars if multiple bars correspond to the same argument) and Side-by-Side Range Bar View (displays bars corresponding to the same argument side-by-side).\par
o\tab\b Gantt Views\b0  - Gantt views are the best choice if you need to plan or analyze multiple-resource tasks or multi-task processes. Just like Range Bar Views, Gantt Views ship in two slightly different versions: Gantt View (displays overlapped bars if there are multiple time intervals for the same resource) and Side-by-Side Gantt View (displays bars corresponding to the same resource side-by-side).\par
o\tab\b Point View\b0  - When representing data via a Point Chart, the following options are available to you: automatic coloring of each individual point in a series; customizable shape and size of markers; shadow under each individual marker (point).\par
o\tab\b Line Views\b0  - The XtraCharts Suite offers you the choice of two different line series views: Line View and Step Line View.\par
o\tab\b Area Views\b0  - Like Bar Views, Area Views come in three slightly different versions: Area Views (series are drawn over each other), Stacked Area Views (areas are stacked on each other) and 100% Stacked Area Views (areas are stacked on each other and are stretched to fit the view vertically).\par
o\tab\b Pie View\b0  - Shows the proportion of parts to the whole. The Pie View's settings allow you to specify the height to width ratio, the fraction of the chart area occupied by a pie, pie rotation angle, as well as to display pie slices spread apart ("exploded"), etc.\par
o\tab\b Radar and Polar Views\b0  - These are circular charts. A Radar view is drawn on a circular grid and has multiple axes along which data can be plotted. A Polar view displays values on the basis of angles. Both views support the point, line and area drawing styles.\par
o\tab\b Financial Series\b0  - For stock data analysis, the XtraCharts Suite offers you the following financial chart views: Candle Stick View and Stock View.\par
o\tab\b Multiple and Different Series in One Diagram\b0  - If you need to display multiple series within the same diagram, we've engineered the XtraCharts Suite to provide you with that flexibility.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\sa120\tx720\f1\fs22\'fc\tab\b\f0 3D Chart Types\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li1080\sa120\tx1080\b0\fs20 o\tab\b Most Frequently Used 3D View Types\b0  - Manhattan Bar view, Line and Step Line views, Pie view, Area, Stacked Area and 100% Stacked Area views.\par
o\tab\b Easy Replacement Of Existing 2D Charts With Their 3D Equivalents\b0  - There is no difference in the chart customization interface and data management between 2D or 3D charting using the XtraCharts Suite. All you need to do is to change the chart view type, which is a single property.\par
o\tab\b True OpenGL Rendering\b0  - Since OpenGL has proven its stability and power, you'll see fewer bugs. You'll achieve life-like pictures with real light sources, real shadows and flares.\par
o\tab\b Full Anti-Aliasing Support\b0  - We have implemented an advanced multi-stage smoothing algorithm, so that there are always clean and sharp lines and no rough edges.\par
o\tab\b Perspective Projection Support\b0  - You can change the viewing angle to control how large fronted objects appear relative to background objects.\par
o\tab\b Gradient Fill and Texture Support\b0 .\par
o\tab\b Transparency Support \b0 - You can specify a transparency for any 3D view except the Pie View.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\sa120\tx720\f1\fs22\'fc\tab\b\f0 Data Binding and Exchange\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li1080\sa120\tx1080\b0\fs20 o\tab\b Support for All Common Data Sources\b0  - XtraCharts can be bound to various data sources. This also includes full ADO+ support.\par
o\tab\b Unbound Mode\b0  - A series can be manually populated with data by specifying values for the (X) and (Y) coordinates of the points. It's also possible to combine bound and unbound series views within a single diagram.\par
o\tab\b Binding Individual Series\b0  - XtraCharts can display data from multiple data sources, as each series can be bound to its own data table.\par
o\tab\b Using Series Templates\b0  - In this mode the ChartControl creates series Views automatically, and there is no need to populate the Series collection manually.\par
o\tab\b Filter Series Data\b0  - This feature allows you to apply filter criteria to the data displayed by specific series, so you can avoid flooding the chart control with irrelevant data.\par
o\tab\b Sort Series Data\b0  - XtraCharts allows you to sort data within a series. You can sort by either the X or Y portion of the series.\par
o\tab\cf1\b Runtime Data Bound Series And Series Point Access.\par
\cf0\b0 o\tab\b Printing and Exporting\b0  - If you own the XtraPrinting Library, you can easily export your chart to: an image file (BMP, JPG, PNG, GIF, TIFF, WMF, EMF file formats are supported); a PDF file; an image embedded into an HTML page; an image embedded into a Microsoft Excel spreadsheet; a printed page.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\sa120\tx720\f1\fs22\'fc\tab\b\f0 Intuitive Design-Time Customization\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li1080\sa120\tx1080\b0\fs20 o\tab\b On-form Object Access\b0  - This key feature greatly simplifies the process of customizing XtraCharts. Just click a control, diagram, series or axis and the associated settings will be displayed in the Properties window.\par
o\tab\b Wizard Dialog\b0  - XtraCharts provides an easy-to-use Wizard which significantly simplifies the process of customizing the ChartControl.\par
o\tab\b Previewing Real Data at Design Time\b0  - If the ChartControl is bound to a DataTable at design time, you can preview the underlying data with a single click.\par
o\tab\b Selecting a Series Via the Legend\b0  - If there are many Series Views within a diagram, simply select a specific series via the Legend box.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\sa120\tx720\f1\fs22\'fc\tab\b\f0 Appearance Customization\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li1080\sa120\tx1080\b0\fs20 o\tab\b Appearance Customization For Individual Elements\b0  - The XtraCharts suite allows you to customize not only simple things such as font/text color, solid/gradient/texture backgrounds, and border style customization, but also shadow color and size; advanced background gradients - even circle gradients if you build a pie chart; hatch backgrounds; various line styles and thickness options.\par
o\tab\b Multiple Palettes for Automatic Series Coloring\b0  - With the XtraCharts Suite, little time and effort is required to create stunning and consistently colored series. We offer you several built-in palettes (or style schemes) that are used to automatically color bars in a bar view, sectors in a pie view, etc.\par
o\tab\b Custom Draw\b0  - The chart control offers you two events that fire before a particular element is painted. These events allow you to change appearance attributes for each individual element even if you can't reach this element via properties.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\sa120\tx720\f1\fs22\'fc\tab\b\f0 End-User Capabilities\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li1080\sa120\tx1080\b0\fs20 o\tab\b Selecting Chart Elements\b0  - End-users are able to highlight and select different chart elements at runtime via the mouse pointer. This feature is useful, if for example, it's required to show certain information when the mouse pointer hovers over specific chart elements.\par
o\tab\b Zooming and Scrolling\b0  - \cf1 End-users can zoom and scroll 2D and 3D views.\cf0\par
o\tab\b Rotating\b0  - You are toggling a single property to allow end-users to rotate a 3D chart in any direction by simply clicking and dragging. So, you don't have to guess which rotation angle to specify in order to make the entire chart's content visible.\par
o\tab\b Live Chart Resizing\b0  - When a form with a chart is resized, and the chart changes its size with its parent form, all the chart's elements are automatically resized. All elements of the chart change interactively.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\par
}
 