{\rtf1\ansi\deff0{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil Tahoma;}{\f1\fnil\fprq2\fcharset2 Wingdings;}{\f2\fnil Wingdings;}{\f3\fnil Times New Roman;}{\f4\fnil\fcharset0 Tahoma;}}
{\colortbl ;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\stylesheet{ Normal;}{\s1 heading 1;}}
{\*\generator Msftedit 5.41.21.2509;}\viewkind4\uc1\pard\s1\cf1\lang9\b\f0\fs24 XtraScheduler Suite Main Features\cf0\par
\pard\cf1\b0  \cf0\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\tx720\lang1049\f1\fs22\'fc\cf1\lang9\f2\tab\b\f0 Built-In Date Views\fs20  \b0 - Day View, Work Week View, Week View, Month View (Multi-Week View), Timeline View.\cf0\par
\lang1049\f1\fs22\'fc\cf1\lang9\f2\tab\b\f0 Date Navigator Control\fs20  \fs22 -\b0\fs20  enables the end-users to navigate through the dates in the Scheduler Control. It has the capability to switch views when there is a more appropriate Scheduler view to represent selected dates.The Today button (which can be optionally hidden) jumps to today in the scheduler.\cf0\par
\lang1049\f1\fs22\'fc\cf1\lang9\f2\tab\b\f0 Data Binding\cf0\par
\pard\fi-360\li1080\sa120\tx1080\cf1\b0\fs20 o\tab\b Binding to a database\b0  - The scheduler can store its data in a database, so that any other data-aware control can access its data.\cf0\par
\cf1 o\tab\b Binding to an object data source which provides the IList interface\b0  - The scheduler can store and retrieve data from a list of business objects.\cf0\par
\cf1 o\tab\b Unbound data\b0  - If you don't need to store your data in a database, you can store the scheduler\rquote s data in the XML format.\cf0\par
\cf1 o\tab\b Binding custom fields to an appointment\b0  - The default data fields used to manage appointments are not all the data an appointment can hold. You can specify as many fields as you need. If you specify custom fields, you can allow your end-users to modify field values via custom dialogs, or initialize these fields in code. With this approach, you don't have to create any additional data storage to maintain extended data for individual appointments.\cf0\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\tx720\lang1049\f1\fs22\'fc\cf1\lang9\f2\tab\b\f0 Appointment Features\cf0\b0\fs20\par
\pard\fi-360\li1080\sa120\tx1080\cf1 o\tab\b Status representation \b0 - Four different time display options for the day view.\cf0\par
\cf1 o\tab\b Label representation \b0 - Eleven appointment coloring types to indicate an appointment's type/importance. \cf0\par
\cf1 o\tab\b Resources\b0  - An appointment can be assigned to one or multiple resources. \cf0\par
\cf1 o\tab\b Recurrence\b0  - Recurring appointments are an important part of any scheduling application. We provide you with a comprehensive toolset for handling recurrent appointments, series and exceptions. If you wish to manage them manually, the OccurrenceCalculator class and other helpers will do the job for you. \cf0\par
\cf1 o\tab\b Reminders \b0 - One or several reminders can be associated with an appointment.\cf0\par
\cf1 o\tab\b Conflict checking \b0 - The scheduler can indicate appointment conflicts. Conflicts may arise when appointments share the same time or the same resource. The scheduler can resolve them by firing a specific event for you to make a decision, and by prohibiting or allowing the conflicts. \cf0\par
\cf1 o\tab\b Filtering \b0 - Appointments can be filtered using complex criteria. A specialized FilterControl can help end users filter results using complex logical expressions.\cf0\par
\cf1 o\tab\b Splitter \b0 - A set of recurrent appointments can be split using a special split command. \cf0\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\tx720\lang1049\f1\fs22\'fc\cf1\lang9\f2\tab\b\f0 Resource Features\cf0\par
\pard\fi-360\li1080\sa120\tx1080\cf1\b0\fs20 o\tab\b Group by date\b0  - Appointments can be grouped by dates.\cf0\par
\cf1 o\tab\b Group by resource\b0  - Appointments can be grouped by associated resources.\cf0\par
\cf1 o\tab\b Resource images\b0  - A picture can be associated with a resource, so that it will be shown in the resource header. \cf0\par
\cf1 o\tab\b Resource filtering\b0  - It's possible to filter all the data by resources.\cf0\par
\cf1 o\tab\b Resource navigation \b0 - To allow end-users to scroll between resources, there is a ResourceNavigator control which is embedded into the SchedulerControl, and shown if needed. \cf0\par
\cf1 o\tab\b Resource sharing\b0  - Several resources can be assigned to one appointment. This appointment will be displayed in time cells corresponding to all associated resources.\cf0\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\tx720\lang1049\f1\fs22\'fc\cf1\lang9\f2\tab\b\f0 Customization\cf0\par
\pard\fi-360\li1080\sa120\tx1080\cf1\b0\fs20 o\tab\b Localization (adapting to different languages) \b0 - The scheduler displays text strings in dialogs and captions that can be modified or substituted with corresponding translations. You will never have to worry about localization.\cf0\par
\cf1 o\tab\b Appointment Form with Bars, Ribbons and SpellChecker \b0 - If you own the XtraBars, XtraLayoutControl and XtraSpellChecker, you can easily integrate them in an appealing form which comes in two flavors - Bar and Ribbon. \cf0\par
\cf1 o\tab\b Set of native controls \b0 - There is also a set of extra editors shipped with XtraScheduler - AppointmentResourceEdit, TimeZoneEdit, multiple recurrence controls e.g. WeeklyRecurrenceControl etc. So, you can easily create custom forms using native XtraScheduler edit controls. \cf0\par
\cf1 o\tab\b Custom appointment images \b0 - Instead of standard "classic" images used for appointments, it's also possible to embed custom icons that are shown within different appointments.\cf0\f3\par
\cf1\f0 o\tab\b Custom in-place editor\b0  - You can implement a custom editor form and use this form as an in-place editor for appointments. This means that end-users will see your custom form instead of a simple subject editor.\cf0\par
\cf1 o\tab\b Custom appointment editing form \b0 - You can implement a custom form and use this form instead of the default editing dialog for appointments. \cf0\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\tx720\lang1049\f1\fs22\'fc\cf1\lang9\f2\tab\b\f0 Appearance\b0\fs20  \cf0\par
\pard\fi-417\li1128\sa120\tx1128\cf1 o\tab\b Skins, Look and Feel settings and customizable styles \b0 - As with all our .NET controls, the XtraScheduler's UI elements support all this features.\cf0\par
\cf1 o\tab\b Custom painting - \b0 If multiple look and feel options and customizable element styles are not enough for your appearance customization needs, you can utilize the custom painting mechanism that lets you manually paint the control's elements.\cf0\par
\pard\fi-278\li700\sa120\tx700\lang1049\f1\fs22\'fc\cf1\lang9\f2\tab\b\f0 Reporting (printing via XtraReports)\b0\fs20  \cf0\par
\pard\fi-417\li1128\sa120\tx1128\cf1 o\tab\b Extreme flexibility in constructing print styles -  \b0 Utilize the XtraReports Suite to create reports containing controls specially designed to represent Scheduler entities.\cf0\par
\cf1 o\tab\b Special Scheduler Report controls - \lang1033\b0\f4 These controls \lang9\f0 and the \lang1033\f4 full\lang9\f0  set of XtraReports controls can be combined in one report to accomplish a complicated task. \cf0\par
\cf1 o\tab\b End-User Report Designer - \b0 Allows end-users to edit reports, load and save report templates, and preview and export to various formats (including PDF and BMP).\cf0\par
\pard\fi-412\li1128\sa120\tx1128\cf1 o\tab\b SmartSync Printing - \b0 enables you to create tri-fold style reports by synchronizing date/resource iteration steps between different controls on a page. \cf0\par
\pard\fi-417\li1128\sa120\tx1128\cf1\b Note: \b0 To enable reporting, the XtraReports Suite should be available on this machine. You should have a valid license for the XtraReports Suite, which comes with the DXperience package, or purchase it separately.  \cf0\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sa120\tx720\lang1049\f1\fs22\'fc\cf1\lang9\f2\tab\b\f0 Printing using default styles\fs20  \b0 - six print styles are provided to print the scheduler's data via the XtraPrinting Library. These are the Daily, Weekly, Monthly, Tri-fold, Calendar Details and the Memo styles.\cf0\par
\lang1049\f1\fs22\'fc\cf1\lang9\f2\tab\b\f0 Data Exchange\b0\fs20  - You can easily transfer data from Microsoft Outlook's Calendar to your Scheduler-enabled application, and vice versa. The XtraScheduler Suite supports the main set of elements in the iCalendar Data Exchange Standard, described in RFC 2445, and provides the vCalendar 1.0 format support for export / import.\cf0\par
\lang1049\f1\fs22\'fc\cf1\lang9\f2\tab\b\f0 End-User Capabilities\cf0\par
\pard\fi-360\li1080\sa120\tx1080\cf1\b0\fs20 o\tab\b Resizing and moving appointments\b0  - The scheduler provides an easy-to-use appointments arrangement mechanism, with full support for resizing and moving appointments.\cf0\par
\cf1 o\tab\b Built-in popup menus\b0  - The scheduler implements a number of built-in context menus similar to those found in Microsoft Outlook. All these menus are controlled by the scheduler's properties, which allow you to disable particular items or substitute a menu with your own. You can also customize these menus as required. \cf0\par
\cf1 o\tab\b Built-in dialogs\b0  - Our scheduler control brings a complete UI into your application, since we've integrated all the dialogs needed by end users to navigate and edit their calendars. You can also customize these dialogs as required.\cf0\par
\cf1 o\tab\b Zooming \b0 - You can zoom in and out using standard key combinations CTRL+"+"/ "-" or the CTRL + mouse wheel.\cf0\par
}
 